Updated screenshots and text of about half of the tutorial (#63531)
sap-tutorials/btp-onboarding: tutorials/btp-kyma-onb-02-func/btp-kyma-onb-02-func.md

   ![Browsing modules](images/2_13_add_module.png) 

    In this tutorial, you use the Serverless module from the default release channel "regular channel". You can also choose "Fast Channel". For more information, see [Kyma Release Channels](https://help.sap.com/docs/btp/sap-business-technology-platform/kyma-s-modular-approach?locale=en-US).

    >Note: You can also enable and disable Kyma modules via Kyma CLI. 

    >Note: At any time you can disable unused modules to save resources.

3.  After you clicked **Add** you are back at the page with all of the enabled modules. Notice the state of the "Serverless" module - for about 2 minutes it will be in the 'Processing' state before it becomes "Ready" like the rest of your enabled modules.

    ![Edit Kyma module](images/12_4_serverless_processing.png)

4. Once done, click on the **Namespaces** in the left navigation pane, and select "default" namespace.

    ![The Kyma module is ready](images/2_15_namespaces_default.png)

    You will be forwarded to your default Namespace. 

    ![The Kyma module is ready](images/2_16_default_namespace_selected.png)

    

> 5. Click **Workloads** on the left navigation pane, and click the new option **Functions**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. In the **default** namespace view, go to **Workloads > Functions**, the newly created option that comes with the Serverless module.
```

    ![Functions are now available](images/2_17_workloads_functions.png)

>     Congratulations! You enabled the serverless Functions in Kyma. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Congratulations! Now you can create serverless Functions in Kyma. 
```

### Create a Hello-World Kyma Function

1. Click **Create**. The "Create Function" wizard opens. 
    ![kyma function](images/2_18_function_edit.png)

>     Choose the template **Default**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Choose the **Default** template.
```

    - Provide a name, e.g. **hello-world**. 

    - Choose **Language** > **JavaScript**. 

    - Choose your **Runtime Version** > e.g. **node.js 20**.

    - Choose **Function Profile** > keep the pre-defined value **XS**.

    - Note that a YAML file will be created under **Source**. 
  
    - You may now also check the other presets, "Advanced" and "YAML".  
    
    - Click **Create**.

> 4. It will take a few seconds to create the function. The result is a new function **hello-world** in the list of Kyma Functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. It takes a few seconds to create a Function. The result is a new Function **hello-world** in the list of Kyma Functions.
```

    ![kyma function](images/2_19_running_function.png)

>     Click on the **hello-world** function and check the "Configuration" tab, it does not have any "API Rules" yet. We need to create one to define the rules of accessing the function via APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Click on the **hello-world** Function and check the "Configuration" tab, it does not have any "API Rules" yet. We need to create one to define the rules of accessing the Function using APIs.
```

    ![kyma function no api rules](images/2_20_no_api_rules.png)

> 5. Navigate to **Discovery and Network --> API Rules** on the left navigation pane and click **Create**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Navigate to **Discovery and Network --> API Rules** and click **Create**.
```

    ![kyma api](images/2_21_api_rule_create.png)
   

> 6. In the editor provide a name, e.g. **hello-rule**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. In the editor, provide a name, e.g. **hello-rule**, and add the following configuration details:
```
